### ✨ What's new?
> [!NOTE]
> What's the scope/content of this change? 
<!-- Remove the previous note, and add your content here. -->




### 🧠 Rationale
- [ ] New updates of content.
- [ ] Fix errors.
- [ ] Others. Please specify:


### 📸 Screenshots (optional)
> [!NOTE]
> Provide website layout screenshots before and after your changes.
<!-- Remove the previous note, and add your content here. -->




### 🕵️ Final check
- [ ] **legal compliance**:
  - [ ] **Intellectual Property Protection**: Content posted must be something you own or have the right to use. This includes, but is not limited to, text, images, audio, and video. Please ensure you have permission to share the content and do not infringe others' copyrights, trademarks, patents, or other intellectual property rights.
  - [ ] **Comply with Laws and Regulations**: Please ensure that the content you post complies with all applicable national, state, and local laws, including but not limited to anti-discrimination, privacy, and anti-defamation laws.
  - [ ] **Follow NU policies**: Northeastern University encourages and expects all members of the community to conduct themselves according to the highest ethical standards. [NU Policies](https://policies.northeastern.edu/) lists the regulations that need to be followed.
- [ ] **Authenticity**: We encourage transparent and authentic communication. Please do not post false or misleading information. Utilizing content generated by Generative AI should follow [Guidelines for the Administrative Use of Generative Artificial Intelligence at Northeastern
](https://uds.northeastern.edu/news/guidelines-for-the-administrative-use-of-generative-artificial-intelligence-at-northeastern/).
- [ ] **Privacy protection**: Please protect the privacy of yourself and others. Do not share any sensitive personal information publicly, including but not limited to addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and Social Security numbers, unless you have carefully considered doing so.
- [ ] **Integrity check**: Your changes should not create new broken links or unreachable references. Check the Github Action tasks to see if there are any missing components to upload.
- [ ] **Accessible**: [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines v2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) suggest content writers "Add proper alt text to images.", "Use text, not pictures of text.", and "Create accessible PDFs.".

